Ready the repo for publish on Code Sandbox (#13)
pxblue/react-design-patterns: README.md

# React Design Patterns

> This repository holds the source code for some [PX Blue's design patterns](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns), written in React. The code based is arranged so that you can easily copy and paste the code examples into your own projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds the source code examples for [PX Blue design patterns](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns), written in React. The code is organized to make it easy to copy and paste the examples into your own projects.
```

## Current Patterns

> | Pattern                                                                        | View on Code Sandbox                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Might be nice to do this in three columns (it wasn't immediately clear to me what clicking the link on the pattern name would do):
```
| Pattern Name | Description | Interactive Demo |
| -------------- | ------------| ----------------- |
| Action List      | View Description | CodeSandbox |
```

Reviewer: Or maybe we even have a brief description (1 sentence) of each pattern in the table

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Action List](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/lists)                         | [Link](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/lists/action-list/index.tsx)             |

Reviewer: I believe you can modify these deep links to also specify which file to land on in the editor and which page to open in the preview...might be nice to open the root file for each pattern instead of App.tsx and show the example page that we're linking to.

I think they use `&module=` for the file to open and `&initialPath=` to set the route to land on.

| [Multi-select List](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/lists)                   | [Link](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/lists/multiselect-list/index.tsx)        |
| [Responsive Table](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/lists)                    | [Link](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/lists/responsive-table/index.tsx)        |
| [Search Bar](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/appbar)                         | [Link](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/app-bar/search-bar/index.tsx)            |
| [Sortable List](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/lists)                       | [Link](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/lists/sortable-list/index.tsx)           |
| [Status List](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/lists)                         | [Link](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/lists/status-list/index.tsx)             |

> ## Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running Locally
```

> To update the code base, first clone the repository and make a feature branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this project (with all patterns) locally, first clone the repository:
```

```
git clone https://github.com/pxblue/react-design-patterns.git
cd react-design-patterns

> git checkout -b feature/my-feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

Then you may run `yarn && yarn start` to start a local server.

> Once you have made your changes, push your feature branch and make a Pull Request into the dev branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Once you have made your changes, push your feature branch and make a Pull Request into the dev branch.

Reviewer: These instructions for making changes are how we do things across all of our repositories, so suggesting we remove it from the readme.

# React Design Patterns

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a CircleCI badge here (maybe also log an enhancement to break the CircleCI tests into separate workflows and we can have a separate badge for each pattern perhaps?).

This repository holds the source code examples for [PX Blue design patterns](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns), written in React. The code is organized to make it easy to copy and paste the examples into your own projects.

## Current Patterns

| Pattern                                                                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                  | Interactive Demo                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Action List](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/lists)                         | A list with actions available on individual list items                                                                                                                                       | [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/lists/action-list/index.tsx&initialpath=action-list)                      |

Reviewer: These links are still opening App.tsx for me. I think you need to update `?file=` to `?module=`, e.g.:
`?module=%2Fsrc%2Fpages%2Faction-list.tsx`
